Add Maycur to adopter (#3011)
chaos-mesh/chaos-mesh: ADOPTERS.md

| [Civo](https://github.com/civo/kubernetes-marketplace)                  |Chaos Mesh can be directly deployed from the Civo's Kubernetes marketplace.              |[Automating chaos engineering with Chaos Mesh](https://www.civo.com/learn/automating-chaos-engineering-with-chaos-mesh-on-civo)        |
| [KubeSphere](https://github.com/kubesphere/kubesphere)                  |Chaos Mesh can be directly deployed from the KubeSphere App Store starting from KubeSphere v2.3 onwards.              |To be added.        |
| [Microsoft](https://www.microsoft.com/)                  |Microsoft's Azure Chaos Studio integrated Chaos Mesh, so that users can inject faults into AKS clusters.             |[Create a chaos experiment that uses a Chaos Mesh fault to kill AKS pods](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/chaos-studio/chaos-studio-tutorial-aks)       |

> | [Mcycur](https://www.maycur.com/)                  |Maycur Build Chaos Mesh on K8S for JVM fault drill, mainly for JVM delay, method exception, method return value modification and other scenarios

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Maycur](https://www.maycur.com/)                  |Maycur built Chaos Mesh on K8S for JVM fault drill, mainly for JVM delay, method exception, method return value modification, and other scenarios.             |To be added.       |
```

Reviewer 2: @haizi-cui PTAL
